Translations performed on a snapshot of the websites around April 20, 2025.

The translation process is done by sending parts of the document to be translated into OpenAI in Azure, with a GPT 4.1 model. 

All the code for pdf download, extraction and makdown conversion are available in this repository: https://github.com/tomaslin/pdfDownloader

Access to Microsoft OpenAI right now is free by the Microsoft for Startups program. 

These files from the 10 minute university are complex and contain more formatting than plain text. Some require additional image or text processing. For these, the markdown file was generated by asking Gemini 2.5 professional to translate into markdown manually. 

Annual_Vegetable_Production_for_Oregon.pdf
Best_Garden_Trees.pdf
Clematis_Classification_Pruning___Linda_Beutler.pdf
Garden_Design_101.pdf
Gardening_with_Compost.pdf   
Great_Plant_Picks__Bulbs_Ferns_Vines_Grasses.pdf   
Great_Plant_Picks__Conifers.pdf   
Great_Plant_Picks__Perennials.pdf   
Great_Plant_Picks__Shrubs.pdf   
Great_Plant_Picks__Trees.pdf   
Growing_Blueberries.pdf
Growing_Tomatoes.pdf
The_Enabled_Gardener.pdf
The_Best_Bee_Flowers.pdf
Pruning_Made_Easy.pdf
Pruning_Trees_and_Shrubs.pdf
Rain_Garden.pdf
Sharpening_Garden_Tools.pdf
Simple_Soil_Sedimentation_Test.pdf
Pollinator_Plants.pdf
Insect_Pests.pdf
Lawns.pdf
Mulches__the_Good__the_Bad__and_the_Really__Really_Ugly.___Linda_Chalker-Scott__PhD__WSU.pdf
Native_Plants_Attractiveness_Study_Plant_List.pdf

In addition to downloading the pdf files, we also generated an index file with all the links to the markdown version of pdf files. 

The initial conversion of the Chinese, Portuguese versions of Growing your Own was also done via Gemini Professional 2.5 manually. 